But then he said that when you have the realizations, the inconceivable billions of emanations are
dispatched. And whatever is needed, whatever is continued by the six, and whatever varieties
are needed to help presenting beings, then that is the need to help. That is the Buddhas.
When you read enlightenment in the Buddha, when you read enlightenment, those are called
tukayas, Dharmakaya and Rupakaya. Dharmakaya is to one's own purpose or goal is completed.
One's own purpose or goal is completed that you got enlightened. Now purpose getting enlightenment
is to benefit all sentient beings. That we are always jointed. By this merit, may I reach
enlightenment. By that, may I can liberate all sentient beings. That's what we do pray
all the time. And when we develop the bodhi jata, also I think, oh, with compassion, immense
compassion for all sentient beings. I like to remove the suffering, the difficult troubles
of all living beings. Therefore, I don't have the capability now to solve that. But therefore,
I'm going to get enlightenment and then I'm going to help fully engage, benefit all beings
to remove their suffering. So here, the same thing. I would say that then emanation is
not restricted. Emanation is not restricted. As for example, in teaching, Dharmakaya is
like sky and sambhokaya is like moonlight, full moonlight. And namakaya is the reflection
of the moonlight. Wherever is needed, wherever the situation, the circumstances appeared,
moon would refer like that place. Everywhere, without any effort, hardship, discrimination
ever been added and guiding, benefiting, helping to all sentient beings. That is the core
fulfillment
of the namakayas. And that namakaya is just one help. No, two, no, no numbers. And here
I said billions, billions. And that would be too much. No, sentient beings are countless.
Emanation is a number we can call. So that means just the numbers are high. But everywhere,
namakayas, all different varieties, that as we read, namakaya, the Supreme namakaya, art
namakaya and variety namakayas. And then emanation or the birth namakayas. There's so many eman
ations
as we read in the Buddha's teachings. So that emanated. And what is the purpose? May all
the beings of the three realms. Again, desire realm, home realm, homeless realms. And that
is the kind of like, condensate. If we make that little detail, then I said, the six realms.
Six realms is more kind of detailed of the three realms. And so otherwise both are same.
And the six realms are hell realms, hunger ghost realms, animal realms, human realms, and
asura or the demigods realms, god realms. Those hell realms and hunger ghost realms, animal
realms are known as three lord realms, lord. And this human, the demigod, or asura and
god realm, three upper realms. Why it's called the upper and the lord? Because those three
lord realms has more heavy garments, bad garments, heavy, heavy, loaded, bad garments. Because
the result of that, they have, according to teaching, constantly troubled. There's no
breaking form. There's no stop. It's just constantly. The moment you take the birth,
until your karma is expired, there's continuation. Troubles, challenges, difficulties. And human
realm, and god's realm. And even the asura realm, even their troubles, there is breaks.
Even we have breaks. For example, I highlighted those. Birth, getting old, sickness and death.
That's not happening all the time. Through one individual, for example. I was born, now
that birth process had to go again. That is kind of completed. Now the old age and death,
which is also not bad. For some of myself, I'm talking. So it's not that I'm pregnant
with that. And death is not yet here. So there is space. There is a window of light. That's
why, in the teaching, always use that window of light. This is now, in kind of like, so
many clothes go everywhere, but there is really like bright sun light in the middle of the
floor. It's shiny, golden, and even with Jacob's letter. Jacob's letter is just wonderful.
That can open the community. This is not going to stay forever. So that's why I called three
upper hands. But no matter whatever that, we all stay in samsara. Therefore, here is
praise. Praise. And so, that everywhere everyone comes to this. And now...